This is a bot that allows users to play the hilariously offensive Cards Against Humanity (https://cardsagainsthumanity.com/) over IRC. 

The bot will join the server/channel that you specify. Type "!play" to add yourself as a player before the game starts. Once everyone's ready, type "!start" to begin. The bot will PM each player with a list of "white cards" and their unique IDs, then display the "black card" in the main channel. To play your selected card (or cards, in the case of a black card with multiple blanks), respond to the bot's private message with the ID of the card[s] you wish to play. Once everyone has submitted a card, the bot will shuffle the responses, insert them into the blank[s] of the black card, then display each response in the main channel in a numbered list. To vote, type "!vote [n]" where [n] is the number of your favorite response. Once the bot has collected responses from all players, it will tally the votes and award a point to the highest-voted response. The first player to reach ten points win.

I wrote this bot exclusively to entertain myself and my friends. It is horribly documented, poorly implemented, and generally unfit for human consumption; however, you're more than welcome to help yourself to whatever you find here. Do not accept anything you see here as a best practice... it's all tape, string, smoke and mirrors.

Oh yeah, Python 2.7 and some additional libraries are required. I never got around to wrapping it up in a wheel package, but it shouldn't be rocket science to find the necessary dependencies get it up and running.
